the photographic chamber of the eye
records bear painted walls while an
electric light lays the chromium nerves
of plumbing raw such poverty assaults
the ego caught naked in the merely
actual room the stranger in the lavatory
mirror puts on a public grin repeats our
name but scrupulously reflects the usual
terror sylvia plath tale of a tub
be sure to share this video and be sure
to give us a like and subscribe and hit
the bell
let me know what you think in the
comments maximum publish a new content
to make light can subscribe to make sure
you subscribe
cultural milestones come and go but
every now and then we are privileged
enough to experience something so
profound and important it not only
defines a generation it changes the
world and right now in the era of new
media created for streaming online video
that is still beginning to define its
own identity we can clearly pinpoint the
apotheosis of generation-defining web
series which intersects altruism
accessibility technical skill and
philosophy I'm talking of course about
the YouTube series how to kick it with
Yolanda Gump welcome back to how to kick
it I'm Yolanda during the course of an
episode of how to take it
Yolanda challenges herself with the
creation of a novelty cake usually in
the shape of a real-life object often a
tie-in with a relevant pop culture
artifact that she has obviously never
seen and usually draped in fondant the
most disgusting foodstuff man has yet
cruelly devised I'm going to carefully
lift up the remaining fondant hold it
and drape it over the banana a typical
how to cake in episode goes as follows
first Yolanda bakes her cake usually
double-digit pounds of it 21 pounds 18
pounds of cake then she soaks the cake
in simple syrup from her tool which her
commenters have named sir squeeze a lot
sir squeeze her short you can buy your
very own sir squeeze at her website then
she begins to ice the cake before
promoting her paid service Camp cake I
hope I see you at Camp cake where you
can bake and decorate a cake with
Yolanda in real time then she carves the
cake into the right shape while asking a
question for you to leave a comment
which will up engagement be more
favorable to YouTube's algorithm then
she crumb coats and chills the cake it
is time to crumb coat and chill it's
time to crumb coat and chilled through
before mentioning her t-shirt club
asking for shares promoting her 2nd
channel and then removing the chilled
cake to do the final icing then she
mentions her month
sprinkle service which you can subscribe
to then she drapes her cake in the
horrible horrible fondant before then
reminding you to subscribe to the
channel if you have it then the
decoration begins after which she
reminds you that you can buy more of her
merchandise at her website and during
the hours of meticulous decorating she
also reminds the viewer to buy her book
a tactic which only a sucker would fall
for as of August 2018 how to cake it has
amassed 3.8 million subscribers in about
3 years and in that 3 years the show has
grown from one or two calls to action
within a given episode toe on average 11
calls to action in an episode your
average episode of how to cake it is
almost more call to action that it is
cake making at this point for those of
you who are not help to the lingo or who
have never had a social media manager of
some sort a call to action is wherein
the content of a video the host asks the
viewer to do engagement with the content
in a more active way than just sitting
on your ass for 11 to 17 minutes this
can be as small as asking me for you to
smash that like button if you enjoyed
this video today please don't forget to
give it a big thumbs up down below it's
matchmaking or to ask for shares or
suggesting that you use my URL to go
build your own beautiful Squarespace
website calls to action are somewhat
unique to online media if you're hosting
a cooking show on Food Network you can't
exactly ask someone to leave a comment
on their cable channel I mean I guess
you can but but calls to action are not
completely unique to online media one
key to the popularity of RuPaul's Drag
Race is their prevalence on social media
which is not only encouraged by a RuPaul
soliciting calls to action I want to
hear from you the fans who do you think
deserves the crown are you Team aquaria
Team Asia but by the structure of its
show lending itself to easy sharing not
today Satan
the secret to Yolanda success is not of
course the calls to action
those gradually rose as her subscriber
count' did if you look at earlier
episodes of how to take it you see that
there are very few calls to action and
most of them are requests for likes and
subscribes with subscription services
merchandise and camp cake being
gradually added through the years and
months early episodes are actually very
conventional and more in the vein of
your typical Food Network show but about
five months after the channel launched
in the flower pot of Cake episode
published on may 5th 2015 a new element
is introduced then I measure then I
measure this do I look tired
no sir cumference the giggle you hear is
the voice of producer Jocelyn Mercer and
her presence in the series interacting
with Yolanda from off-screen only
increases from here to the point where
now it's a feature of the show that's a
workout game this element proves
engaging and in the following months
there is a correlation of increased
interaction between the production crew
and the host in effect Yolanda breaks
down the facade that is production she
jokes with her producers she jokes with
her cameraman our Americans gonna get
mad at this sometimes she even jokes
with her editor who is not in the room
the series went from the occasional
fourth wall breaks to fourth wall breaks
being a part of the show's identity
Yolanda and her producers have
effectively figured out not only how to
market a curated version of her
personality but with how she interacts
with her crew and the interactions with
the crew make the show feel more
authentic you feel like you're just you
know in the room hanging out laughing
about this elaborate cake that looks
like a giant turkey now pop your turkey
cake in the fridge I'm don't wait too
much of this this falls into line with
the appeal of YouTube in general that it
strips away the polished facade of
television to give you something more
real you should send every rapper a
newsletter without this info just now
same word every sentence in the song
ends with the same where mm-hmm
Yolanda can get away with her eleven
thousand calls to action per episode not
in spite of this fourth wall breaking
format but because of it owning the fact
that a a polish production like this is
in fact a group effort this isn't just a
show you know we're just hanging out
laughing about this cake we're just
having fun
you must chill this cake thy must chill
to be clear this is not a call out how
to cake it has a clear and effective
business model and Yolanda Gump is both
an engaging personality and a talented
artist with fondant I do find the calls
to action distracting but I loyally
watch every episode of how to cake it
and yes I own her goddamn book and no I
have not attempted to make a single one
of these cakes but there is something
special innovative dare I say lucrative
in the style and format Yolanda and her
colleagues have devised and other
companies have begun to take notice
the medium is the message
YouTube was founded in 2005 by three
former PayPal employees Chad Hurley
Steve Chen and jawed Karim the idea for
YouTube in part was inspired by Jawad
Koreans difficulty in finding and
watching videos online of Janet Jackson
having her tip exposed by Justin
Timberlake during the Superbowl halftime
show based on a failed prior project a
video dating site called TuneIn hookup
by February of 2005 the trio had agreed
to set work on the YouTube project with
chin and Corrine taking technical duties
and Hurley taking on a managerial /
administrative role in April of 2005 the
very first video was uploaded to YouTube
a video of jawad hanging out at a zoo
both hang what these guys explain is
that they have really really really long
and no-one ever wanted for videos of
wardrobe malfunctions ever again and
that's pretty much all today so what
does YouTube offer as a medium
arguably YouTube offers anything you
want but the platform specializes in
certain niches that flourish on this
platform more than they do elsewhere
beauty blogs makeup tutorials video game
screamer at ers and DIY channels make up
a huge percentage of successful channels
but the forum that both originated and
flourished on the format and remains the
most popular are the slice of life
vloggers to this day the biggest
channels on the platform with the likes
of Logan Paul and PewDiePie even if they
specialize in a subcategory like video
games are in effect slice-of-life
vloggers fundamentally YouTube lifts the
barrier between the content creator and
the viewer decades prior television had
come into people's homes
and given us the likes of news anchors
and late-night talk-show hosts to
provide a friendly public figure a
personality that people find
recognizable relatable and also a bridge
to the world of celebrity but with
YouTube we strip away the artifice
indeed even in the name of the platform
the person uploading the video controls
what goes on on their channel YouTube is
the medium of authenticity one simply
records a video at
so as they please and uploads it to
their millions of subscribers no
middlemen YouTube is the response to the
demand of a younger audience hungry for
what they consider authentic and because
of this perceived authenticity audiences
give a great deal more latitude with the
sale of certain things for instance
sprinkle services and t-shirt clubs this
observation was brought to you by
Squarespace with Squarespace you can
design a beautiful website designed by
professionals that know what they're
doing not like me but even from the
beginning there are blurred lines
between slice of life daily vlogs and
authentic fiction one of the earliest
breakthrough channels was lonely girl 15
which launched in the summer of 2006 and
was for a time
female subscribe channel on YouTube
anyway so Daniel is really mad right now
and I know if he'll be allowed to come
over anymore the series initially
presented as an authentic YouTube video
diary but gained even more notoriety
when it was outed as being completely
fictional in September of the same year
it is noteworthy that the big
controversy around lonelygirl15 was the
revelation that lonelygirl15 was in fact
an actress and that her daily vlogs were
fictional and completely fabricated part
of the appeal of YouTube is its
perceived authenticity but even if there
is no network or middleman everything
that is uploaded to YouTube is
cultivated by the creator and is it fair
therefore to say that what lonely girl
15 is trying to sell you is any less
authentic and Logan Cole I guess what I
what I wanted to ask you was why you
decided to be a youtuber I didn't decide
to be a youtuber this is anyway I didn't
decide to be a youtuber just called to
you there well there wasn't no there was
there like there were no youtubers it
was 2007 there wasn't a such thing as a
youtuber so here here's a question do
you okay so like the stuff you're
supposed to do like calls to action and
do you ever do you ever consciously like
incorporate stuff like that like stuff
that's supposed to improve metrics no I
mean the things that I do to improve
metrics are like a good title and a good
thumbnail and I don't think beyond that
like that the algorithm changes to too
much for my old man self to be trying to
keep up with it but no I mean what I do
to action because I want when I want
somebody to take an action ID calls to
action when PBS tells me what someone on
Twitter actually like called me out on
that they were like it's weird hearing
you do a call to action it's very not
on-brand and I'm like yeah yeah you're
right you're right
yeah influencer culture yeah hey
everything about it both of those words
are mean nothing I I think you can see a
flash dear Hank no I ya know this this
video is gonna be sponsored by
Squarespace if they clear okay this
video where I'm highly critical of
influencer culture
I like if you're gonna influence people
to do something like yeah you know if
you're gonna have a website you might as
well use Squarespace oh that's their
that's their new motto don't try to be
all fancy and shit you don't know what
you're doing good we're really good at
this the medium is the message
see I forgot his first name Marshall the
medium is the message
Marshall McLuhan 1961
what McLuhan yeah around one Yolanda
Gump started using the joshing with
producers gimmick her sub started going
way way up and by mid-2016 she's well
past two million subscribers and around
this time on July 26 2016 venture
capital funded startup craftsy begin
publishing the first episode of their
own cake show sometimes you need more
than just to know how to cake it
sometimes you need um
about cake hey guys welcome to man about
cake craftsy was a startup service that
specialized in hobby and lifestyle
tutorials and craft education that was
launched in 2011 by a bunch of former
eBay executives one of the contributors
who featured in content behind this
paywall was pastry chef and sugar artist
Joshua John Russell pointer stencil
resting against her cake board to help
make sure it doesn't shift around we
begin starring in content for craft C in
2012 but in November of 2014 the company
raised another 50 million in BC
financing and lo and behold they got
their own fancy cake show starring
Joshua John Russell featuring
drastically improved production values
and a whole new format one that seems
strangely familiar by the way the
milkman came today and dropped this on
my door I don't know why I find that
incredibly sexy it is sexy sword baby is
about to be born
okay
so if like me you're integrating a new
cake show into your cake tube diet one
that admittedly does have more polished
production values than your old hat it
may feel seamless at first and this sort
of thing is perfect for you to put on in
the background of whatever it is that
you're doing and not really paying
attention to but if you watch enough man
about cake you start to notice something
what bird did that come out of it's like
a robin's egg no Robin's eggs are very
very pale our birthday it's for the
viewers
these guys are miked James who's that
guy that's Mike say hi Mike hello that's
a lavalier mic and named the dragon go
ahead Brandon great okay like the sound
cop from the producers on how to cake it
is either at the onboard mic or from
your lung does lavalier mic but I made
about cake everyone on the set has a
lavalier mic like these this is a
lavalier it's not it is a Thor joke and
then you start to notice other things
like their use of props probably
celebrate
that was the best thing that ever
happened to me guys I didn't notice
there were balloons right above me
balloons or their use of sound effects
I'm gonna kill these balloons that pop
was at it in post
you all fired your fires there use of
relationships within the show trim gets
cornered you better watch that night do
you see this shirt that does not say
maybe I will cut you yeah you know just
some guys joshing around just you know
being broke bros making some cake as you
do a weird and unnatural dynamic that
Russell calls out in the very first
episode of man about cake
joining me is my all-male crew which is
not weird at all that four guys would
just be hanging out talking about cake
but that's what we do and when you spend
hours watching this show as I have you
start to realize that this wasn't just a
natural dynamic between the host and the
crew that eventually got incorporated
into the show like in how to cake it
this was part of the pitch the banner
for their YouTube show isn't just the
hosts it's the host and these three guys
facing away from the camera you go into
their website and there are like BIOS
for each of the camera guys you know
camera guys but they don't have surnames
or any defining attributes and their
eyes are blacked out like there ain't
goddamn witness protection so it's like
this entire show was built around this
scaffolding of bros joshan with each
other while making a cake let's
that was the best thing that ever
happened to me more like man about fake
the plain breeze just like we're done
but a youtube show can't be like the
obvious way more fake genre of reality
shows it is that has to embrace this
manufactured authenticity already
pioneered by shows like how to cake it
but here's the thing how to cake it has
a really clear business model obtrusive
at this point and honestly kind of
distracting but I get it I get why the
show exists and what its business model
is and I can respect that but mad about
cake has hardly any calls to action also
on occasion they'll do like q and A's
they'll do Instagram based contests
they'll ask for comments but that's it
the vast vast majority of the man about
cake calls to action are all about
building engagement and here's the thing
mad about cakes Channel doesn't have
that many more subscribers than I do and
I know what kind of money these numbers
pull ad revenue alone cannot pay for a
show that looks this nice hmm
starburst and in 50 yards I still don't
really understand what their business
model is what are you trying to sell man
about cake
they're just gonna get a lot of footage
of me looking sad I was hoping to get it
from different angles but it's genuine
literary critic marie-laure Ryan states
that we are more likely to be affected
by what happens to people we know than
by the fate of strangers and youtubers
who have shared their lives with their
subscribers for several years and
hundreds or in some case thousands of
videos can feel more familiar to some
audiences than real-life acquaintances
as we see in reality shows there is a
viewer fascination with what Ryan calls
higher cognitive emotions ie shame
excitement sadness embarrassment in 2007
vlogger Chris Crocker became one of the
first youtube stars with an emotional
appeal defending pop singer Britney
Spears who was at the time going through
a variety of personal crises and being
hounded by the paparazzi and press
you're lucky she even performed for you
bastard part of the viral appeal to this
video is in part that the emotions are
so extreme and sincere that they push
the viewer to a place of discomfort and
the best way to deal with that
discomfort is to make proper the target
of ridicule of parody but more to the
point that the emotions over-the-top
that they may be read is sincere and in
this new marketplace of YouTube
sincerity and authenticity are the
valuable commodities reality TV was
hugely popular when YouTube came onto
the scene and remains hugely popular
even in the world with YouTube but with
reality TV there is more of an
understanding that there is little real
in what the viewer is watching with the
medium of YouTube the rules that is to
say the understanding between the
creator and the viewer are a little
different the videos on your personal
channel were like I guess a little more
stream-of-consciousness II yeah cuz I
yeah just like my day of VidCon and
stuff like that whereas like I guess the
scishow and stuff is obviously like the
most scripted and I think the
interesting thing with the stuff you do
on the vlog where those channels you
have much you have a different cadence
and the way that you speak
and I've noticed this like even when I
was doing a QA I noticed myself slipping
into this like cadence that I I have
developed I didn't even realize that I
had developed it over the course of how
many years yeah I am I have lots of
friends who are youtubers and some of
them I'm like you sound nothing like
your YouTube self and they're like I
don't I don't hear I don't have any idea
what you're talking about it was just
like you have a different voice when
you're narrating a video it's just
different it's completely - in some but
some people sound exactly the same and
they they are they they make the same
jokes they make the same facial
expressions like nothing is different I
think usually when people meet me
they're like surprised that I'm short
and that I compulsively apologize what
you don't do in your videos yeah no no I
like kids because people kind of have
like even my friends are like wow you
just seem like such a hard-ass yeah and
in real life you are not I don't know I
don't think I am competitive in his
videos I think it's just because I'm a
woman and it just speaking speaking with
any kind of confidence feels aggressive
that's true yeah no you're not wrong the
term emotional labor comes from Arlie
Hochschild in her book the managed heart
and was her contribution to discussions
of effective and immaterial labor
according to Hawks child emotional labor
requires one to induce or suppress
feeling in order to sustain the outward
countenance that produces the proper
state of mind and others her research
found that in working with affect
managing one's emotions can be
physically tiring in the same way that
manual labor is and that the
commodification of emotions estranges
workers from their own feelings more
attention has been paid in recent years
to emotional labor in a context of
intimate relationship ie the idea that
romantic relationships the onus falls
more on women to manage the emotions
both of herself and us for partner but
Haas child was more interested in
emotional labor as it pertains to a
capitalist commodity in hostiles
analysis not only is seeming to love the
job part of the job but actually trying
to love it
and to enjoy the customers helps the
worker in this effort as they are not
simply faking it but they come to
believe and internalize what they are
doing for the job critical to her
analysis is when this is done for and
guided by capital it's it's kind of
strategic you want someone to have a
reason to come back and watch your video
I think a lot of content you actually
end up with it being a one-off viral
video and I'm watching this because I
like the video like because it's a good
funny video yeah and if you don't get
connected to a personality then like the
chances that you're going to come back
for a second video is way way down so
trying to figure out how to connect with
a personality without connecting your
whole life experience without sharing
everything is a really tricky balance
how has your approach to selling a
version of yourself changed since you
started I that super addict no it's not
it's just like I'm trying to come to
terms with the version of myself that I
am on the Internet
I think that ultimately I think that
it's it's really hard to have that
version of myself not also in fact the
real me and so there's the in this weird
way like where I've been held
accountable to being like a better
person on the Internet I also like just
find that it is more comfortable for me
to be a better person in real life and
to like be really thoughtful and careful
and like aware of the impacts I'm having
on other people but there is no doubt
that like I am a different person on the
internet than I am in real life and then
I am very careful and I don't think that
there's anything inauthentic about that
I am the version of myself that I need
to be for my own mental health but also
for like the impact that I'm going to
have on the people who are watching
every job to a certain extent requires
maintaining a certain effect but there
are a number of jobs in which
maintaining a certain effect is a
requirement of the position if you are a
cast member who works at Disneyland a
requirement of the position is to
maintain a friendly effect it is in your
job description to make the customer
feel special and to induce a feeling of
happiness now anyone who interacts with
a waitress or a Disneyland cast member
while they appreciate and expect to
receive this effect don't actually
believe that this effect is genuine all
of the time the bartender at the PF
Changs doesn't actually care about how
you never see your husband and how
YouTube comments are scary and
overwhelming and how you're pretty sure
that the guy who sends you these
novel-length screeds about how feminist
throughing society and he's going to
kill himself and you and probably 10
dozen other people is probably actually
gonna kill you someday youtubers are
selling more than a service like the
bartender or the cast member the product
that youtubers twitch streamers and
other influencers sell is almost
exclusively affect and this is a form of
emotional labor more and more discussion
has turned to create a burnout but most
of that has focused on consistency
maintaining a schedule little of that
discussion has focused on the emotional
burden of maintaining the effect
associated with the creator's brand
overtime little tiny micro traumas can
build up as a result of a person
behaving in a way that does not reflect
their emotional truth but more
importantly that their livelihood
depends on and on some level a part of
burnout is the desire to rebel against
this one-sided picture of yourself that
you have painted in the interest of
consistency some extreme examples of
this are high profile youtubers and
streamers letting racial slurs slip into
their speech or going on to other
people's streams to rant about how
immigrants are bad or maybe they got
drunk in public and had a run-in with
the police it happens I don't mean to
condone random acts of racial slurs that
occur during heated gaming moments but
rather suggest that a part of the
burnout is a result not only of
YouTube's algorithm placing priority on
creators who upload regularly and
homogeneously but also on the emotional
labor of only showing the side of
yourself that your audience wants to buy
we acknowledge that people working in
the service industry don't always do it
for the love of the game a cast member a
Disneyland probably works there in part
because they like being nice
people but we also accept that the
effect is a part of their job not
necessarily their inner lived truths but
there's very little sympathy for a
high-profile creator who isn't 100%
grateful for their platform 100% of the
time when the same basic idea for
youtubers comes up that they're
sometimes they're afraid of their fans
that maintaining an on brand effect
becomes draining and exhausting that the
expectation of constant availability can
begin to do real harm well that becomes
a breach of trust that the Creator had
with this community a part of the
platform of YouTube what some would call
influencer culture is that it's
important for creators that their
audience think they know you and that
your job depends on maintaining that
sense of accessibility and authenticity
without going crazy the premium of
authenticity is predicated on
maintaining that the effect is
convincing the challenge for creators is
to maintain the illusion for their
followers of feeling like they do know
this creator when reality they only know
the effect the construct the site of the
Creator that the Creator most likely
without they're making a good conscious
decision to do so has decided it is most
beneficial for you the audience to see
it is impossible to have a personal
connection to a giant faceless mass of
people who are in effect your customers
and when the deception becomes clear
fans can get angry but lucky for me I
don't have to worry about you guys
you're the good ones
I remember this this very brief
conversation you and I had at VidCon
where you you were talking about making
this video where you asked youtubers
kind of random trivia questions and I
was like oh man that was so sorry
I hate you know I hate that you had to
do that while you're here and you're
like no I actually look forward to it
like that's like my one creative outlet
and that kind of surprised me because I
like I so see you too anything that I
put on YouTube is just work like
sometimes it's gratifying work but at
the end of the day is work to me hmm
yeah no I mean like making a video is
not I mean I don't know what work is I
don't know what work is anymore I don't
know what relaxing is I don't know like
I don't I don't I really don't know I
don't know how to do it really well
like I have a hard time I sometimes have
a hard time like being like going to
just like a gathering of friends and not
you know thinking about how could my
time be better spent so I like I do have
that problem but I do really like making
YouTube videos like I love to edit video
I love to I love to be on camera I love
to write I love the whole process coming
together I love how fast it can happen i
I'm very glad that I have this than that
I get to do every week yeah I know in a
perfect world what would your positive
impact be I want people to smile and be
happy and and like think that that was a
fun experience one I want people to like
get excited about the universe in the
world and like how cool and weird and
like thinking critically and hard about
stuff more and more like I want to
foster some kind of better communication
and Milland am also more and more I feel
like that that that needs to happen a
lot more off of the internet than is
happening now I think that we need to
have more physical connection or else we
will continue to become more
lonely and we need to occupy the same
physical space as other human beings so
my hope is also that people find
community and connection that can grow
outside of and be larger than just the
Internet and I don't really know how I'm
trying to get that done right now but
it's something I think about a lot no
Wendy am I going outside like Pokemon go
it's like that except that I'm going to
MFI friendship yeah no no no we got a
game of eyes friendship it's like the
Starbucks app that gamma Phi's coffee
where it's like hit a star every day you
get coffee so maybe game if I get a star
every time you like see a person in the
real save more than 10 words to them I
like it the only the only problem I have
with this idea is but it's a non-profit
we need to make money Lindsey we need to
get filthy rich
so obviously I'm coming at this
discussion both from the angle of a
creator and as a viewer part of the
reason I focused on cake-decorating
YouTube is not only because you know
that's what I watch but because there's
something that happens in media where
the scenes that are supposed to be
hidden once you see them it's kind of
hard to unsee asking what Matt about
cake is selling is the wrong question
Matt about cake isn't trying to sell
anything it is instead the product to be
bought which it was after that influx of
VC financing in 2014 and the launch of
mad about cake two years later that was
all made with an eye towards acquisition
which they were by NBCUniversal earlier
the summer rebranding craftsy as
blueprint on July 17th 2018 big
corporations see the value in
authenticity even manufactured
authenticity like many about cake or
this old companies will pay a lot of
money for brands that can successfully
sell authenticity and entire newer
corporations have molded their marketing
strategy around the faith viewers have
in the authenticity of their favorite
youtuber or their favorite podcaster
companies like Casper
audible and of course Squarespace now I
hope this doesn't come across that I'm
trying to make a grand sweeping
statement about how thing bad even
though that does tend to be the most
effective way to get popular on YouTube
but rather thing exists and thing is a
part of a system that you may not even
be conscious of but all content is
cultivated no one can portray a fully
lived experience on this platform and to
paraphrase the great Dolly Parton it
takes a lot of Labor to up here this
authentic this video was brought to you
by Squarespace
URL squarespace.com slash lindsay ellis
for a free trial and when you're ready
to launch use the offer code lindsay
ellis i guess to save 10% off your first
purchase of a website or domain we
bought this URL because we were having
problems with google adsense and my tax
ID number for my new corporation and so
we were really angry about it so we just
made a website where you just complain
about things we don't like like this dog
my new neighbor
he's getting a blog entry free and
secure hosting nothing to upgrade ever
you can promote your business announce
events powerful ecommerce functionality
i should try that nothing about your
neighbor's dog go easily create a
website make it stand out it's gonna be
beautiful
the future is coming make it brighter
with Squarespace
Squarespace is coming I'm coming for
this dog